---
id: qw47w660bubc9csjzu1kw31
title: Chapter 411
desc: ''
updated: 1705001683188
created: 1704993371079
---

Something had changed that fateful day. Both Rianna and Shay-Hade could feel it and it was... uncomfortable. The whole aura that hung in the True World Sect had turned dour but emotionally charged - the atmosphere was heavy, and no one carried that uplifting, light-hearted smile that just subconsciously brightened her and Shay-Hade's day. But this was expected, after all. The loss of a Tesseract Transformation realm export, a veritable backbone of the Sect, was a heavy blow to the Sect's power ranking. Furthermore, it seemed that Mage Nara was quite close with the Sect's members, especially due to his position as Marie's Master. On top of that, they had just lost the two little kids through some freak accident of some sort.

Yet this shouldn't have been the cause of Rianna's discomfort. Mourning was common, something that Rianna had to experience a lot in her lifetime. But the ambience of the Sect superceded mourning and was delving into some other territory. It was guilt and self-loathing. Not everyone was drowning in it as hard as Marie, though, but it was a shared feeling nonetheless.

In fact, Rianna only narrowed down on this fact by carefully observing the behaviour of the Sect Members in a more scrutinising fashion. The hint was in the underlying motivation, or how it is perceived by a third-party observer. The members of the Sect did things with a specific motivation that guided them forward. Before they learned for the fun of learning and hope of applying their learning in real life. This open-mindedness meant that they tended to have more questions and often circled around the topic more carefully to grasp as much of it as possible - in a sense, they just had fun with it. But now their comportment had changed altogether.

For instance, Kili had doubled down on her workouts with unwavering focus. Although the girl adhered to the strict standards set by Rianna, she would skirt the line more often such as by implementing more frequent supersets, shortening rest times, and even taking every other workout till failure. Rianna could see that the girl was setting much higher standards for herself than before, and whenever she failed to meet those standards Rianna could hear quiet curses from the littel girl's mouth chastising herself for her shortcomings. While before, Kili saw the workouts as a fun exercise and a way to develop herself, now it had turned into a literal do-or-die situation in her mind. Did Rianna like this? Well... This was usually the attitude with which the members of her own Sect approached cultivation. So in a way, she was familiar with this attitude. But having worked in this Sect for the past few months had changed her perspective slightly. It felt much better to live amidst people who liked to enjoy living and understanding more of the world that existed around them, than those that secluded themselves and sought to reach greater heights at the expense of momentary happiness. Some things are best enjoyed as opportunities present themselves; what use is living to be five hundred years old, if you cannot enjoy the happiness that comes with being a silly teenager?

Rianna arrived at the tent she and Shay-Hade had set up in the forest and entered through the tarp to reveal the more spacious room within. Shay-Hade had already arrived following the day's combat training session. Usually, Rianna would enter and receive a warm welcome from a symphony of aromas dancing in the air. It seemed that touching base with Matron Reva had somehow sparked the latent chef hiding within Shay-Hade's tough exterior and had motivated the man to cook dishes from his homeland, which Rianna also found extremely delectable after trying them out. Unfortunately, though, today Rianna was disappointed to find no flavours tickling her smell centres, as her partner was simply sitting cross-legged with a conflicted yet contemplative expression on his face.

"What's gotten you so thoughtful?" Rianna inquired as walked over to the kitchen. Once again, she was disappointed to see the stove cold and devoid of any delectable treats. No matter, at this realm she didn't need to eat. At this point, she noticed that Shay-Hade still hadn't answered her question. She turned to look at her man, and saw that he was in his own world thinkging about something.