---
id: pu10658yqkdicvtvotvnhkg
title: Chapter 220
desc: ''
updated: 1660072474288
created: 1659860911723
---

East of Radiant City, the commerce capital of the Solar Empire, lay the vast and dense Green-Sky Forest. It's sprawling and undisciplined woods extended for many kilometres before facing their first obstacle in the form of the Serrated-Peaks Mountain Range which hugs the forest from its northern to its southern limits in a crescent shape. To pass through this mountain range, one must follow the path which cut right through its centre, leading into the Whispering-Trees Forest on the other side.

The peculiarity of the mountain range stemmed from the fact that its lowest peaks were found right at the centre of the crescent while the highest were at its tips at the north and south. On the contrary, the mana density followed an inversely proportional trend, with greater mana concentration near the centre of the mountain range and decreasing as one moved north or southwards. Hence, one would find magical resources, and powerful and intelligent beasts in abundance at that centre, which also happened to be where most foot traffic fell, since caravans could only take this road to cut through the mountain range, unless they decided to waste additional time to take the safer path around the mountains.

Many had tried to start a sect in the strategically fortified inner regions of the Serrated-Peaks Mountain Range, yet none succeeded. This was because in trying to secure the most mana abundant locations on the range, one would need to compete with other mages and sentient beasts that roamed in the Core Condensation Realms and above, such as the notorious Thunderbird couple and their offspring that practically ruled the mountain range. To that end, there were always a few eyes pasted warily on the range looking out for upstarts looking to establish a base there, or harvesting some of the more arcane and rare magical resources that sprouted in the range and the surrounding forestry. After all, the world of cultivation was a crucible...

It was because of this mentality that everyone missed the spawn of a new sect in the Serrated-Peaks Mountain Range. No one suspected that a group would choose Mount Taishan, one of the tallest peaks in the range known to be notoriously mana scarce, would become the birth-place of the True World Sect.

The days passed swiftly, turning into months until finally, an entire year had passed since Guy resolved to start a Sect of his own. Within the past year, much had changed in Twilight Village. Although the rustic mud, thatch and wood architecture remained the same, a few additional building had sprouted within the village. A public bath with a sauna that routed fresh water from the stream and filtered it through a very simple ritual formation now stood at the village centre. 

This was Jean's latest project which was positively received by the villagers. Ever since the successful birthing procedure of Chiani Lane, the villagers viewed Jean as a deific figure capable of saving people at the brink of death. Her words regarding personal and public hygiene had become gospel. Guy was sure that if the girl told the villagers that cutting off the tip of their toes would increase their life expectancy by a year, they would do it blindly. Thankfully, the girl was rational, benevolent and a pacifist at heart. Through observation and primary research, Jean found that even with the advent of soap, the level of personal hygiene in the village was abysmal. People regularly suffered from avoidable illnesses due to infections. As an aspiring healer, and one enlightened to the 'truths' of the world, Jean firmly believed that "prevention is better than the cure" - if a disease can be prevented then it must be done so.

Therefore, after some brainstorming with Guy, Jean decided to go forward with the rather controversial idea of a public and communal bath. Now although the general architecture followed by the Solar Empire could be found similar to the Ancient Greco-Roman designs from Earth, the people here were conservative to an uncomfortable degree. Jean was apprehensive that the idea for a public bath would be met with hesitance and distaste by the villagers, but Guy convinced her that with some innovative marketing she could skew the public opinion. Furthermore, Guy was sure that the village-folk wouldn't be so averse to communal bathing compared to city-folk. In fact, normally the men and woman of the village bathed in the stream, though they did it at different times - the public bath differed in that they could bathe simultaneously.

The bath was gender segregated and followed the Roman design by having a large pool at the centre, which was temperature and climate controlled by very simple ritual formations that were self-sustaining. The water was siphoned from the stream through some ingenious terraforming contributed by Markus, and passed through another filtering ritual formation that killed bacteria and separated the residuals from the water. As Guy saw the bath taking shape, he decided to contribute as well and redirected some builders to help make the bath larger and added saunas. Guy figured that by doing so, he could then have Sect members visit the village's Public bath to cleanse themselves and form friendlier relations with the villagers. Guy did not want his Sect to isolate itself and grow distant from the regular, non-magical folk like the other sects in this world. By having these opportunities for Sect members to revisit their roots, he could stop such detrimental stigmas from forming.

After its completion, the public bath had turned into a sort of hangout spot for all ages. The youngsters would swim and play in the pool while the elders soaked themselves or cooked themselves in the pleasurable steam sauna. As this slowly turned into the norm, Jean was relieved to see her project reach fruition. To top it off, there really was an overall improvement in the villager's health as Jean observed reduced cases of common ailments.

____

**Next**
* [[volume-3.chapter-221]]